Backup your favorite videos on youtube
======================================

Run this program to download your favorite videos on youtube. 

Requires youtube-dl to be installed, available from your package manager, or
from source [here](https://rg3.github.com/youtube-dl).

Notifications require [Nofify OSD](https://launchpad.net/notify-osd), which
ships with Ubuntu.


## Licensing

This is a derivative work developed by Dylan Lloyd based off the original
youtube_backup script written by Henry Hagnäs and available
[here](https://github.com/hagnas/youtube_backup).

The original source is subject to the following copyright:

Copyright (c) 2010, Henry Hagnäs <henry@hagnas.com> All rights reserved.

The original source and the derived work contained here is subject to the
following license:

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  * Redistributions in binary
form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution.  * Neither the name of Henry Hagnäs nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
